Character:
	Rank: Private 
	Name: Gary L. Brinker
	Residence: Indianapolis, IN
	Birth Date: March 11, 1993 (23)
	Height: 5'9" (174 cm)
	Weight: 175 pounds (79kg)

Backpack:
	Weapons: 
		M4 Rifle
		M9 Handgun
		M84 Stun grenade
	Equipment:
		Radio
	Clothing:
		US Army (Black)
Mission:
You are alone and have the hard task of infiltrating a small camp occupied by known enemies. No allies are available on hand, just your sergeant(Case)
on your radio. Your task, target the leader and eliminate him and make it out alive, or eliminate all threats.

1.
Your eyes slowly open and you wonder where you are for a slight moment until you remember that you're in a little clabin oustide a enemy camp in south argentina. One of their military lieutenants has been causing trouble to the US for long enough, that is why you remember your task, eliminate him and make it out alive. You've been silently waiting for your sergeant to contact you on your radio before engaging the enemy that is located about 1km west.

a) stay on your bed and wait for the call (90%:2 10%:3)
b) open the lights and look around your cabin to see if everything is in place (25%:4 25%:5 25%:6 25%:7)
c) open the door and take a quick glance outside
d) decide it has been long enough and use the radio to contact your sergeant

2. (from 1a)
You sit down and place your back on the wall, you wait for your vision to adjust to the darkness. You start to make up some shapes around the cabin like the desk that is directly in front of you and the shelf to your left next to the small door leading to the outside. You wait for what seems like an eternity until finally your radio starts beeping. You pick up and your sergeant tells you "Start heading to the outskirts of the village at 0300 and when you're there contact me for your next order" and then the radio closes.

a) get up, open the lights and start getting your gear ready
b) check the time  

3. (from 1a)
You sit down and place your back on the wall, you wait for your vision to adjust to the darkness. You start to make up some shapes around the cabin like the desk that is directly in front of you and the shelf to your left next to the small door leading to the outside. You sit and wait for a cuple more minutes until you hear a sound. But it's not the sound of the radio you've been waiting for, it's the sound of footsteps outside your cabin.

a) reach for your rifle on your left and aim at the door
b) don't move hoping the person will leave without coming in
c) open the lights and open the door to check
d) close your radio and reach for your handgun on the desk in front of you

4. (from 1b)
You open the lights and it takes a couple of seconds for your eyes to adjust to the new brightness. The door to the cabin is directly to the back of you, while your M9 handgun is laying on the desk in front of you with a silencer attached to it. To your right your M4 Rifle is in the shelf with the silencer laying next to it unattached, under the rifle a M84 stun grenade is present. Your radio is located on the ground next to your makeshift bed located between the shelf and desk.